the television it's the classic home
entertainment electronics relates to
everybody's life that's why they devoted
zip code to these displays the tablet's
a different story this is one of the
newest pieces of Technology does a lot
of things well web email games ebooks
and all those apps but statistics tell
us an awful lot of you are still on the
fence about even owning one of these
here's one more roll of the tablet I bet
you don't know so well that might tip
the balance for you and that is as a
perfect partner for your television
look at where you watch TV probably a
big stack of boxes just like this every
one of them brings you different content
on a different interface a different
looking screen trying to find what you
want when you want it how you want it is
chaotic at best and even that fancy
unified remote you bought and spend so
much time programming that doesn't
really Corral all that stuff all that
well now introduce a tablet and things
get interesting
not fully baked but interesting all
kinds of apps will let you go through
programming an electronic program guide
that's so much more intuitive than the
one on your TV screen that you poke at
with a remote look how all kinds of
content from air the streaming to cable
to discs can all be shown in a nice
browsable fashion you flick through
almost like iTunes cover flow and most
of the big manufacturers electronics now
are building these ecosystems for your
television your tablet and your
smartphone will often talk to each other
control each other and share content
like this ecosystem from Samsung their
tablet can be an elaborate remote for
their TV that lets me browse listings
for example and then watch them I can
also make settings changes on the
television right from here and of course
it's an Android device with a true web
browser that has flash support so I can
go online to watch companion content
without bugginess oh and check this out
I'm watching Tron on the blu-ray player
and I've got the Tron app loaded here on
my iPad using a technology called second
screen these two stay in sync and I'm
getting unique special content on the
tablet that relates to exactly what I'm
watching on the TV on the movie right
now now this may seem like a bit much
when all you want to do is sack out and
watch a movie seems that way to me
but this definitely shows the potential
of the TV tablet marriage and of course
any tablet can handle the web which
means you can jump into chats or fan
sites or just about anything else about
your favorite show in real time and a
tablet is also great for email Facebook
Twitter and all the other things that we
are increasingly doing while watching TV
consider the research that shows most of
us don't just sit down and watch TV
anymore we interact with a second maybe
even a third device and since the tablet
is a great size much bigger than a
smartphone but also nice and light much
more handleable than a laptop this is
kind of the ultimate partner the
ultimate use of couch time now given all
that goodness there are a few drawbacks
first of all this guy doesn't fit in the
palm of your hand like a regular remote
weighs a bit more - by the way the
battery life nowhere near as good as a
regular remote and if you have it set
properly it's probably always turning
itself off every 5 or 10 minutes those
can be some drawbacks now so far this
has all been about the TV at the center
and the tablet kind of an orbit around
it but it goes the other way as well for
example if you have an iPad with Apple's
AirPlay technology and an Apple TV
hooked up to your television like I do
you can be watching a video on your
tablet and then decide no I want to
watch it on that TV here in the room
press one button and it gets bounced
over there over your home wireless
network the same can work for photos and
audio as well and with other electronics
give the supports airplay you don't have
to have an Apple TV box by the way this
does not use that new Apple iCloud
technology this is over your home
network iCloud is a whole other topic
finally there are apps from the guys you
pay for TV the cable and satellite
operators these install on your tablet
and roll up
TiVo like functions video on-demand and
remote viewing all through a single app
the Achilles heel is often the thicket
of limitations on what you can watch
where and when
for example this Time Warner app only
works when you're connected to your home
Wi-Fi connection on their router and
these types of apps also require you
maintain cable and internet service so
while it's not perfect the tablet's
probably the best partner for your
television more elegant than the laptop
or smartphone you use already and as you
use one of these in the living room more
and more you'll start to see the future
of the way we're going to watch TV today
you